Platejs PoC (#6983)
plone/volto: packages/plate/README.md

# `@plone/plate`

> This package is an add-on providing the Seven plate.js integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package is an add-on providing the Seven [Plate](https://platejs.org/) integration.
```
